I think if you do pursue stammers and educational goal and a career you
need to always be open to the other things in life recreation physical
fitness and I don't mean work it out I mean just walking or taking
up golf or something get you up and moving around is important it's
also important I have a philosophical outlook to enjoy the fine
arts to learn how to interface with people to give some consideration
to spiritual affairs I'm not advocating religion but I think you need
to think where did I come from why am I here no wonder my obligations
to anything or anybody and where am I going down here so give
yourself some time to consider those things don't trivialize them because
they're not stem but enjoy them as best you can